Whoa!
Hey, there's no one
driving that thing!
Ho!
Someone stop it!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Easy.
Easy, boy.
That was scary.
Officer!
Good. I've never seen
such a thing.
Shouldn't we bring those boys
in or something?
Trust me, whatever
punishment we give them,
it's nothing compared to what's
waiting for them at home.
Those boys know if anything
was to happen to that horse,
if it got injured,
the whole family would lose
its ability to plow the field,
make food for the winter.
So that's it?
They're just gonna feel
really, really guilty?
Mm. It works.
Believe me.
It won't happen again.
I guess growing up here,
you know all this stuff.
You have no idea.
Where are we?
Ohio, somewhere.
I miss Mommy.
I know. Me too.
Me too, buddy.
I got to get you
something for that cough.
I have to go to the bathroom.
I have to go bad.
Hang on, buddy.
Hang on.
I have to go pee.
All right.
Where's your bathroom?
I have to go pee.
- Oh, it's right back there.
- Thank you. Thank you.
Hold it. Hold it. Hold it.
I don't know.
I know you don't
want to talk about it.
But you can't
keep putting it off.
You have to decide.
What is there to decide?
You guys should be
enjoying your time now.
You can't keep
killing yourselves
running this old inn.
Who will I cook for
if we close the inn?
Fate, we will have no guests.
That's the point.
Aunt Lydia, you wouldn't
have to cook anymore.
I love to cook.
The three of you
have been taking care of me
since I was 10 years old.
I don't know what
I would do without you.
- You're family.
- And you're my family.
So listen to me, please?
I would like to help.
I have a little money.
This inn was built
by your grandfather.
We have been running it
for decades.
And just last week,
you fell down the stairs
carrying the chamber pot.
Well, at least it wasn't full.
That is not even remotely funny.
You could have broken your neck.
You could have.
Honest work is from God.
Ja.
Just... so afraid.
If anything were to happen
to any one of you...
Don't want Rachel to be afraid.
Ugh.
- Dad, look! Horsey!
Whoa!
You are having trouble?
Uh, trouble?
Yeah.
Do you know where
the nearest town is?
I can't get a signal.
Yeah. Sugarcreek,
two miles that way.
You stay here.
I know a mechanic.
I'll send him to you.
Great. Thank you.
Hyah. Hyah.
It is a difficult thing you ask.
Okay.
We will close the inn
to paying guests.
Thank you.
On one condition.
That if we have reason
to believe that God has put
a stranger at our door,
we will not turn
that stranger away.
But...
That is scripture.
There is no compromise
in doing God's will.
Agreed.
**
You want the good news
or the bad news?
Good news...
I can fix it.
Bad news...
You got a blown
head gasket.
It'll take a day or two
to pull the engine head
and resurface it,
a day to get it back in,
plus I gotta order
the parts.
- That's another day or so.
- How much is that all
gonna cost?
I'd say you're looking
at about $400.
Yeah. Go ahead
and order the parts.
I'm gonna need a deposit.
Yeah, sure.
**
Hang on.
You got my wallet?
No? Uh, hey, I know this
is going to sound funny,
but, uh, I think
somebody stole my wallet.
You want to use the phone?
Call somebody?
I don't really have
anybody to call.
Well, police station's
right down the street.
Um, can I just leave this here
a couple of days till I can
figure something out?
Pull it around back.
But only for a couple
days.
Is there anyplace cheap
to stay around here?
There isn't even
an expensive place
to stay right now.
Everything's booked up
for the Swiss Festival.
This place is crawling
with tourists.
There's a campground
a couple of miles
up the road.
They might have a spot,
if you don't mind
roughing it.
**
I don't really have
much of a choice.
Thanks.
**
Daddy, I'm tired.
I know, buddy.
We'll find someplace to rest
real soon. I promise.
Whoa. Ah, wie geht's?
Oh.
We meet again.
Where is your vehicle?
Uh, turns out we did
have trouble after all.
Ah. Perhaps you should buy
a good horse and buggy, eh?
Now right now that doesn't
sound like a bad idea.
- Oh.
Oh, your boy is ill.
Where are you going?
Ah, the guy says there's
a campground a couple
miles up the road here.
Oh, nein, nein.
A campground is no place
for a sick child.
He should have a roof
over his head.
Well, even if I could
find a place, I don't
have much money, so...
Ah.
Hmm. Come. Come.
I know a place.
Yeah, come.
It's good.
I am Eli Troyler,
and this is Rosey.
I'm Joe Matthews.
This is my son, Bobby.
Good to meet you, Joe Matthews.
How was lunch?
Ah, very filling.
How do you guys read that stuff?
It'll turn your brains to mush.
We're keeping up
with current events.
Rachel, Kim,
we need to go over the logistics
for the festival next weekend.
I'm thinking if we close off
Main Street right here
on the east end,
force all the traffic up
on the right here, we've got
this additional parking area.
So we need
a couple of barricades.
I must go, Joe Matthews.
It is past time for milking.
Oh, no, what about the...
My cousins will take
good care of you.
Whoo-hoo!
I'm Anna.
Hi. I'm Joe.
This is Bobby.
We got cookies.
Come on!
Ja, ja.
There is no electricity.
This is our way.
I understand, but, um...
Still it will be good,
I think, for you
and your boy, yes?
I don't... I mean, yeah,
it's gonna be great.
So you will stay.
Uh, how much do you charge?
Oh, Eli explained
your situation.
You're tired. You will
have dinner with us and then
get a good night's rest.
We can discuss payment
in the morning.
You mean, seriously?
I'm Bertha, this is Lydia,
and our sister Anna is with
your boy on the swing.
Okay. Um, but, uh,
ma'am, I, uh...
You are welcome.
I'm told we can expect an even
bigger crowd than last year,
upwards of 60,000 people.
Well, I called
the sheriff's department.
They have people standing by.
E.M.T.'s are on notice.
Good.
Rachel, your aunt's
on the phone.
Kim, write down what
we want over here, okay?
Hello?
Rachel, you will come
to dinner, ja?
Aunt Lydia, I told you
you don't have to shout.
Remember?
Bertha says you must meet Joe.
Who's Joe?
Ooh!
Hi, Rachel. This...
This is Bobby.
He's staying with us.
- His dad has no money.
Yeah.
Where is Bobby's dad?
Oh, good. Rachel is here.
Rachel is our niece.
Rachel, this is Joe Matthews.
Officer.
Want more All right.
Delta 107, I got that info...
Mm.
So, Joe, what brings you
to Sugarcreek?
You here for the Swiss Festival?
Um, just passing through.
My truck broke down.
You'll be moving on then?
As soon as it's
fixed, yeah.
- I haven't decided.
- Oh, Rachel, so many questions.
Let the man eat.
I'm just talking.
Yeah?
Just talking.
Right, Joe?
Well, let's just say
we're between addresses.
Where's Bobby's mom?
My mommy's in heaven.
Uh, save room for dessert.
Mmm!
Oh, and tomorrow...
I'll show you the kitties.
Yay! Meow.
Meow.
Meow?
Thank you, ma'am.
That was a delicious dinner.
It's been a rough day.
You just made it
a whole lot better.
Danke.
First thing tomorrow,
we'll talk about how
I'm gonna pay for this.
But right now,
I'm just gonna get
this little guy to bed.
Would it be all right
if I spent the night tonight?
Of course.
You are always welcome.
Good night, Officer.
Remember,
if you need anything,
I'll be right here.
I thought we agreed
to close the inn.
We agreed, yes.
Then what's he doing here?
We also agreed that
we would not turn away
strangers.
That man is no angel.
Trust me.
So suspicious all the time.
Joe and his son
are down on their luck.
There is no shame in that.
I know that you're trying
to help, but we don't know
anything about him.
This is God's world, Rachel.
He has put him into
our lives for a reason.
It is not for us
to question that reason.
All right. All right.
Well, promise me then...
that you won't let him
in the house unless I'm here.
At least until I find out
more about him.
How will you do that?
I'll ask him.
Grant, it's me.
Yeah, we're fine.
I know they're
looking for me.
That's why I left.
Do you have any news?
Listen. Listen.
How many time do I gotta
tell you? They don't
have any evidence.
They have absolutely
no proof that I did it.
Well, just call Chloe
and tell her to pay you
whatever you need.
Okay, Grant?
Whatever it takes.
I don't care.
All right. I'll call you
in a couple days.
Mommy?
Hey, buddy, you okay?
I called Mommy.
I know. I heard you.
But it's okay now.
I'm here.
Would you stay with me,
please, for a little while?
Yeah. Sure.
Good night, Daddy.
Good night, bud.
What are you doing?
Oh, uh, well,
I told your aunts...
that I would repair some
stuff around the place...
to help pay for
the use of the cabin.
Huh? These two
are really hitting it off.
It's the mama cat.
Children love Anna.
She has a kind heart.
Yeah, they all do.
They're really good people.
They believe in seeing
the good in people.
That's their way.
How about you?
Me?
If anything were to happen
to any one of them,
I would make sure to find
the person responsible.
Hey, look. You don't know me.
I don't blame you
for being suspicious.
But you don't gotta worry.
I would never hurt anybody...
as kind and generous
as your aunts.
Okay, well, if you don't
have anything to hide,
how about I take a look
at your driver's license?
Believe me.
If I could do that,
I wouldn't be here.
- My wallet got stolen.
- I lost my money, my I.D.
- That's pretty convenient.
Not for me.
Really inconvenient,
especially when I'm being
accused of something I'm not.
Joe? Have you
finished the ladder?
Almost.
The only reason
I don't run you
outta here right now...
is 'cause they have it
in their heads they're supposed
to help you and your son.
As long as you're here,
I'm gonna be watching you.
You just remember that.
How could I forget?
Rachel.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to head in to work.
I'll be back.
Ugh, our Rachel's
always in a hurry.
It's hard to believe that
you two are even related.
Her father, our brother Frank...
He too was a policeman.
Was?
That is not my story to tell.
Now, I think the yard
needs to be trimmed, yes?
Yeah. Happy to do it.
Good. The scythe
is in the barn.
Scythe?
I'm calling
about a Joe Matthews.
If you've never heard of him,
why is he driving a truck
registered to your dealership?
No, no, no. Don't hang up.
Hello
Who's Joe Matthews?
This guy who spent the night
at my aunts' house last night.
He's got no money, no I.D.,
bad habit of not answering
a question.
None of which makes him
a criminal.
I overheard a phone conversation
he had last night.
He was trying to convince
somebody that he wasn't
guilty of something.
What are you gonna do?
I don't know.
I just called the car
dealership, but they've
never heard of him.
Listen. I know
I'm new and all,
but I have a real
knack for this stuff.
Uh, I don't know.
Trust me. Okay, so
his name is Joe Matthews.
Texas plates.
What else?
Uh, he's about 6'2",
brown hair, solid.
He's got a son, Bobby.
He's about five.
And...
And what?
Oh, he's got this long hair,
scruffy beard.
Dresses like he just
crawled out of a Dumpster,
but he's wearing $300 sneakers.
Huh.
Go do what you gotta do.
I'll let you know
when I find something.
That is lain, Englischer.
Wrong.
Wrong? Yeah,
kind of figured that.
Here, I will show you.
Be my guest.
You must twist
at the waist.
Okay.
Keep the blade level
with the ground, eh?
Okay.
Twist at the waist.
Uh-huh.
Keep the blade level
with the ground, yeah?
Now you try.
Okay.
Ja. Better.
- Oh, yeah.
Good.
- I got this. I got this.
- Better. Good.
Where are you?
In case you haven't noticed,
the press is having a field day
with this disappearing act.
If they thought you had
something to do with Grace's
murder before,
now they're practically
a lynch mob.
I'm not just your business
manager. I'm worried sick
about you and Bobby.
- Come home.
We'll get this
all straightened out.
Ahem.
And Dylan's here.
Call me.
Are you sure you don't
know where he is?
He doesn't confide in me.
You know that.
Maybe if you stopped trying
to get him to invest in those
ridiculous business deals.
Those were legitimate
opportunities.
Dylan, I don't
have time for this.
Why are you here?
He's my brother.
You're not the only one
worried about him.
And he said
anytime I came up short,
you know, with expenses...
How much?
**
Kim, I thought
you were good at this.
Right. Well, what about
Bobby and Joe Matthews?
All right. Well, call me
as soon as you know
something, okay?
Okay.
**
Reminds me of church.
Mm. Where will you go
when your vehicle is fixed?
Haven't decided yet.
And your wife,
what does she say?
My wife died five months ago.
Been traveling around
ever since.
Yeah, it is a hard thing
to lose someone you love.
But it is not possible
to run away from grief.
Well, I haven't had
any better ideas.
I think you should stay
with us a while. Hmm?
I must tend to my own work.
I will see you again,
Joe Matthews.
Thank you, Eli.
Meow, meow, meow, meow.
Some crazy eights.
Do you like crazy eights?
* Duh, duh, duh * No, you lost.
It's beautiful, isn't it?
Beautiful singing voice.
- Oh, Rachel.
- Come in. Join us.
- Rachel, come, come, come. Sit.
I can't stay. There's
a million people downtown.
I just wanted to see
how things were going.
Our Joe's been working
so hard for us, we invited him
and Bobby to stay another night.
- Ja.
And we were saying
how he should take Bobby
to town for the festival.
- Oh, the music!
- * Duh, duh, duh *
And the rides! Whoo!
Such fun for the boy.
Can we, Dad
Are you sure you feel up to it?
- Yeah. I feel great.
- All right.
Let's go get cleaned up.
Come on.
Maybe we'll see you
there, Officer.
I'm sure you will.
Oh, may I get your...
Thank you, dear.
I wash. You dry.
Okay.
Okay? Good.
Ooh, look at you.
All Nancy Drew.
Aren't you supposed to be
herding tourists or something?
Hey, Kim, do me a favor.
As soon as I get a clean print,
I want you to scan it.
It's gonna take a while
to find a match, and I
have to get back out there.
But as soon as you get a hit,
I want you to call me.
Mr. Joe Matthews
will no longer be a mystery man.
**
What's that?
Uh, "steen, stow, sten."
But I don't know
what that means.
Steinstossen.
It means "stone toss."
It's a old tradition
around here.
Officer.
What a surprise.
Mr. Matthews.
Hi, Bobby.
What do they throw the rocks at?
Let me show you.
How heavy?
Hundred and 38
pounds exactly.
Record stood for eight years...
14 feet, six inches.
Eight feet, two inches.
You guys take your rock throwing
pretty seriously.
Well, there's prize money.
It's a hundred dollars
for whoever wins.
Another hundred
if they break the record.
Next contestant...
Two hundred dollars
for throwing a rock?
- It's harder than it looks.
Come on, Dragon!
Let's go!
- Let's go, Dragon!
- Try it, Dad.
That is a lot of money.
Six feet, six inches.
Whoo!
Next contestant...
John Lombardi.
You mind watching him
for a little bit?
Yeah, sure.
What do you say, coach?
Knock 'em dead, kid.
Come on!
Yeah, right there.
Just sign in.
All right. Good luck.
Ten feet, four inches!
The next contestant...
Big Mike!
Mike, let's go!
Come on, Mike.
You can get it.
Oh, yeah! Go on!
That's the one to beat.
Thirteen feet, one inch.
And our last contestant...
Joe Matthews.
Don't hurt yourself, boy.
What's he weigh?
A buck and a quarter?
Guy's too skinny.
That rock weighs more than him.
You got it!
Don't drop it on your toe!
Come on. Pick it up!
Almost there.
Holy Moly!
Fifteen feet!
A new record!
I must say I'm quite impressed.
Thank you, Officer.
Something tells me that
doesn't happen very often.
When you say "officer,"
something tells me...
I'm not the first cop
to ask you a lot
of inconvenient questions.
Seriously?
Are you ever off duty?
Are you ever gonna
honestly answer a question?
What if I told you
there's nothing to know?
I just need to be left alone
so I can figure some things out.
As long as you're living
with my aunts,
it's not good enough.
All right, look.
I just need to make enough money
so I can get my truck fixed...
so me and my son
can get back on the road,
and then I promise
you'll never see me again.
How'd your wife die?
My mommy died.
It's okay, buddy.
Are you going
to go away too?
Are you going to die?
Don't you worry.
I'm not going anywhere.
Sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Hey, he's burning up.
Bobby?
He's having a fever convulsion.
We need to go to my car
and get his temp down.
Oh, my God! Bobby! Come on!
I guess this'll be faster.
I don't know, Chief.
He's still with the doctor.
Well, I'd like
to stay around here,
make sure he's okay.
Okay, thanks. I will.
How's Bobby?
He'll be okay.
Thank God.
Yeah. It's
what you said.
It was fever, ear infection,
swollen throat, you know?
I knew he was sick.
I don't know
what I was thinking.
I should have brought him
in right away. I mean,
if you hadn't been there...
Hey, he's gonna be okay.
That's all that matters.
Thank you.
Thanks.
I gotta stop by the pharmacist
and get a prescription.
Uh, it's gonna cost me
180 bucks.
That's your prize money.
Yeah.
So my truck's gonna stay
a little bit longer.
Listen, Joe...
No, no, no. I get it.
You're doing your job.
You're looking out
for your family.
And I would do
the same thing
if I was in your shoes.
So can you do me a favor
and let me make sure
he's okay?
And then we'll get
to all that stuff.
Can we do that?
Yeah, we can do that.
Joe, come. Come inside.
How is the boy?
The doctor put him
on antibiotics.
He'll be okay.
What's all this?
Bobby will stay here tonight.
In the house?
It's okay.
We'll stay in the cabin.
Not in this weather.
The cabin's too cold.
He'll catch a chill.
Bobby will sleep on the couch,
and Joe on the floor
next to him.
They're right.
In case he needs them.
Thank you.
No.
All right.
I'm gonna sleep here
tonight, Joe.
We'll have that talk
in the morning?
Where is baseball's phenom
Micah Mattias hiding and why?
Is he running from the murder
scene of his late wife,
Hollywood starlet Grace Hunter?
Please leave a message
after the tone.
Our panel this evening
will discuss his motives,
his alibi and his future
in major league baseball.
Your friends worry.
Is he okay?
He woke up when I took
his temperature,
but I rocked him back to sleep.
I believe his fever has broke.
Ah, you should've got me up.
When I worked at the school,
I always had children
in my lap.
I miss it.
I wish I knew how to thank you
for everything you've done.
The scripture says
to treat all strangers...
as though they were angels.
I'm no angel.
Far from it.
Yet I think the more
you run from your troubles,
the more lost you become.
You're a wise woman, Bertha.
I am an old woman,
but I have learned
some things.
Now, we must decide
what is to become of you.
Well, I think I should
get my truck fixed
and get out of your hair.
Because of our Rachel?
I just don't think I fit in
with her worldview.
Do not judge her too harshly.
She also has been through much.
She lost her mother
when she was very young...
and her father...
The policeman?
What happened to him?
It's late.
Get some rest.
You're up and at 'em.
Yeah. Your aunts
had a list waiting for me
when I sat down to breakfast.
They believe that hard work
is a blessing.
To tell you the truth,
I'm starting to enjoy it
myself.
Are we gonna have
our... talk?
Why don't we just start
with the easy stuff?
Like your shoes.
You don't like my shoes?
I like your shoes.
Couldn't buy your shoes.
They cost $300.
The rest of your outfit
looks like you've been living
on the streets.
Your hair, your beard.
Makes me think that
you're in disguise.
What are you hiding from, Joe?
Just trying to give my son
a chance at a normal life.
Last couple days,
that's normal to you?
Compared to what
we've been through.
Down in Texas? All right,
you're not from Texas.
- All over.
Joe, I'm a cop.
This is how it works. You
have to answer the questions.
Why? Have I
committed a crime?
I don't know!
How'd your wife die?
My wife was murdered.
I was away that night,
and someone came into
our home...
and locked Bobby in his room.
He was still in there
when I came back
the next morning.
He couldn't understand
why his mom wouldn't
come when he called.
Do you know who did it?
The police
spent the first week
picking apart my alibi.
When they couldn't,
they decided
that it was random,
that it was a, uh,
robbery gone wrong.
You don't believe 'em?
She let them in...
in the middle of the night.
Why would she do that?
Dad, where are you?
Hey.
Dad. Hey, Dad.
You look like you're
feeling better. Huh?
You look good.
Wow. I was worried
there.
Boom, boink, boink,
boink, boink.
You were asleep for a long time.
Morning.
Good morning.
Hi.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Can I see this?
I thought you said that stuff
turns your brain to mush?
"Micah Mattias."
He's a baseball player?
That's like saying
the Mona Lisa's a painting.
Yeah.
Everybody used to call them
the new DiMaggios.
Rachel, can I see you a minute?
Yeah.
Oh, I forgot.
We got the results for
those prints you sent in.
So who's Joe Matthews?
He's doing some work
for my aunts.
And something in his demeanor
led you to believe...
that he was a strange character?
He seemed scruffy.
He was scruffy?
Do we have a match?
No. He's not in our system.
He's never been arrested,
never been in the military
or worked for the government.
Well, that's good.
No, Rachel, it's not good.
You're dogging a man
who's done nothing illegal,
who's doing the best he can
to take care of his son,
who's even trying
to pay your aunts back
by working around the inn?
- It's not like that.
- It is exactly like that.
Rachel, you are a good cop.
You keep at it,
you're gonna be as good
as your daddy.
And Frank Troyler was
one of the best I ever had
the honor of serving with.
- This isn't about him.
- No, it's not.
It's about you and what
you have yet to learn...
That Frank understood better
than anybody I know.
What's that?
That
there's more to this job
than a badge and a gun.
Okay.
And, Rachel?
Leave him alone.
Ladies?
We made it nice for you, Joe.
Yeah, I can see that.
Thank you. But why?
To make you and Bobby
feel at home.
Oh. You've already done that.
We have a business
proposition for you.
We are offering you a job.
A job?
Mm-hmm. Helping us.
There are many repairs
that must be done here.
Our house needs to be painted,
and we can no longer
look after the yard.
You will do these things for us.
We cannot pay a lot,
but you could save enough
to repair your truck.
After that,
it is in God's hands.
I don't know what to say.
Say yes.
What do you think, Bobby?
I like it here.
Me too. Looks like
we got a deal.
- Yay! Bobby can stay.
Hey, Sam, it's Rachel.
Good. Yeah.
Listen, do you still need
help this afternoon?
I think I might have
found somebody.
Nice ride.
Are you playing hooky?
Kind of.
I got to stop
calling you officer.
How are you feeling, Bobby?
Okay. We're going
to live here now.
Yeah, I was gonna
tell you about that.
Your aunts invited us
to stay on a while.
Uh, I mean, they could use
the help, definitely.
Listen, the reason
I came down is 'cause
I have to ask you favor.
Sure.
Every year
at the festival...
the fire department
plays the high school kids
in a baseball game.
You know, for fun.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, the department's
down a couple guys this year.
Do you play baseball?
My dad is the best!
He's a little biased.
Look, everyone
would really appreciate it
if you played.
Well, I told your aunts
I'd finish this fence today.
I'm sure they'd be fine if you
took off for a couple hours.
Do they have hot dogs?
You bet they have
hot dogs. Yeah.
Can we, Dad?
Please?
You're just in this
for the hot dogs.
- Knock 'em dead, kid.
I'll have to borrow a glove.
We can do that.
Okay, everybody listen up.
This is Joe Matthews.
Joe's filling in for Larry.
Uh, do you play much ball, Joe?
Uh, it's been a while.
Maybe we'll start you out
in right field.
Oh, yeah.
That sounds good.
All right. All right. Let's go.
Come on. Let's get out there.
Let's go.
Let's show these hotshots
how the game is played.
Hi.
So there's our mystery man.
A little shaggy, but
definitely easy on the eyes.
That's not the point.
Like you haven't noticed.
Okay.
"Okay."
Play ball!
All right, Joe, you're up.
That's it. Come on.
Knock one out of the park.
You can do it.
Come on.
Batter up!
Hey, Dad!
Let's go, Joe.
Batter up!
Got two men on.
Bring 'em home.
Strike one!
- You can't hit!
This is not good. No.
No, it isn't.
You can do this.
Two men on. Bring it in.
Come on, Dad!
Strike two!
Okay, that's
even worse.
Right?
Come on. Let's go.
Let's get a good swing.
The next one's his.
Come on. Let's go!
- Told you!
All right, Joe!
Whoo!
Come on. Yeah! Come on!
You did it!
You slaughtered back there.
That was awesome.
That guy should be
in the major leagues.
Did you hear about that guy
hitting that home run?
Yeah, he launched it.
Even had room for error.
By golly, that was a hit.
Sure was.
That guy should be
in the major leagues.
You had to show off!
Couldn't leave it alone!
Just had to be a show-off.
Now what are you gonna do
I just wanted to find
a place where my son
could be safe again.
And now I can't stay,
and I can't leave
with a broken-down truck.
I need some help.
Hi.
That was quite a game.
I guess you really are
as good as the magazines say.
When did you figure out
who I really am?
I'm still working on that.
Who's Chloe?
Chloe's my manager.
She, uh, handles my life.
She lined up this gig.
It was a motivational
conference.
I just had to show up,
sign some autographs,
you know.
Money was unbelievable,
so I couldn't pass it up.
So the police knew
you were out of town?
Yeah. I had
10,000 witnesses.
Well, then why question you?
'Cause they didn't know
what else to do.
They had no leads, no clues.
They kept coming back
at how Grace had opened
the door...
and how the killer
had locked Bobby
in his room.
Right. It was somebody
that she had to know,
somebody that knew
Bobby was there.
Yeah, they kept trying
to dig up dirt, you know,
like Grace was having an affair
and she let the guy in.
Was she?
No. I mean,
not that I know of.
It's not like things
were great between us though.
What do you mean?
I loved Grace.
But she was a movie star,
and she always put
her career first.
And I knew that
when I married her.
I just didn't think
that we'd grow apart
the way we did.
We kept up a good front,
but it was just a matter
of time.
I'm sorry.
You had to have known
how that would look though,
leaving town like that.
The tabloids camped out
at my house.
We were prisoners
in our own home.
Poor Bobby.
I'd had enough.
My son had had enough.
I just wanted to get
as far away from there
as I could.
Don't you have any family,
somewhere you could stay?
I have a brother, Dylan,
who only comes around
when he wants money.
You should've told me
who you were...
right away.
I would've had to trust you.
That's one thing I was running
pretty low on when I got here.
But I was supposed to trust you?
I know. That's... I'm sorry.
That wasn't fair.
It just never occurred to me
that I'd find a place...
where I'd feel safe again,
where my son could just be
a regular kid...
and start to... mend.
So what happens now?
Well, that depends on you.
Are you asking
if you can trust me?
People would pay a lot of money
to know where I am right now.
They're not gonna
find out from me.
Thank you.
- Micah.
Do you mind
if I call you Joe?
I'm used to Joe.
Me too.
All right. All right, Joe.
No more baseball for you.
You're too competitive.
Right. Right. I know.
What's my problem?
Morning,
sleepyhead.
What's that?
I think it's church bells.
Are we going to church?
Whoo-hoo!
Bertha says you must
come in to breakfast.
Hurry in. And then
you must hitch up Nelly...
so you're not late.
Late for what?
Don't you hear the bells?
I guess we're going to church.
Who's Nelly?
Here, horsey.
Whoa. Hold on, horsey.
Here. Here.
Ah, come on, Nelly.
You're making me look bad.
Looks like you're playing tag.
Yeah
Nope. Aunt Bertha says
if you're gonna stay on,
you gotta learn how to drive
the horse and buggy.
- Come on.
- I do not mind walking.
- Stop playing around.
You must go.
You will be late.
Okay. Okay.
Like so.
Joe, you
put on the bridle.
Rachel, show him
how to hitch the buggy.
Come on, cowboy.
Thanks.
Your aunts outdid
themselves... again.
"Be not forgetful
to entertain strangers,
for thereby some
have entertained angels
unawares."
They really believe that?
Yep, with all their heart.
Me? I'm not so good
with strangers,
and I've never met
an angel unawares.
That seems to come
with the territory...
of being a cop, right?
It happened long
before I joined the force.
What
- Yeah, I do.
I want to trust you.
Well, I never met
an angel either.
Sometimes you have to take
a chance with a regular person.
It was my 10th birthday.
The aunts, they always
made me a cake,
so Dad and I were up to the inn.
First he had to stop
at the bank.
There was a man...
robbing the place.
My dad was in uniform,
and he yelled out...
Police!
Put down the gun!
The guy shot him, killed him.
Daddy, come back.
Come back, Daddy.
Come back!
Wow.
Everyone was running
around, screaming.
- Everybody get down!
My dad was just
laying there on the ground.
I grabbed his gun...
and pointed it at the guy.
I wanted to shoot him
so bad, and I couldn't.
Come, mein Schatz.
I'm still so scared
somebody's gonna take
something from me.
Something that I love.
Just can't trust anybody.
Well, I promise you...
nobody understands
that fear more than I do.
This was my mommy's favorite.
Thank you.
That's very sweet.
Do you want to go
throw rocks with me?
Yes, I would love to.
Let's go. Coming?
Now I can't find...
Ooh, here's a rock.
He's asleep.
Big day.
Best day ever.
That's a direct quote.
Wow. I'm gonna sleep
at my place tonight.
I know the aunts are good, so...
Good night.
There he is! There he is!
- Micah! Micah! Over there!
Over here. Over here.
Micah. Micah.
Is it true that Grace
was having an affair?
What are you trying to hide?
On her insurance policy?
Don't you think you owe
your fans an explanation?
Do you plan to play next season?
Why are you here in Sugarcreek?
Are you seeking protection
from somebody?
How do you think the team
will do this season? Who's
looking out for your son? Micah!
How could you do this, Rachel?
I trusted you, Rachel.
How could you do this to Bobby?
Joe, what's wrong?
I just hope you held out
for the highest bidder.
Joe?
In fact, he's been
hiding in this house.
Who's this?
Let's ask her what's going on.
Let's go over there.
Come here.
We want some answers.
What's your name, miss?
Ma'am, who are you?
Where are you going?
You guys, go.
Are we leaving?
I'm afraid so.
Is he okay?
I didn't do this.
Then who did it?
You're the only one I told.
I don't know. It wasn't me.
I didn't tell anybody.
What?
We have to get
you guys out of here,
away from these people.
I don't want your help.
Joe. Believe me.
Please.
It's Micah.
Micah Mattias.
Just ask any one
of these people out here.
Again you are having
trouble, Joe Matthews.
Mr. Mattias will be
making a statement shortly.
In the meantime, he asks
that you please...
respect the privacy
of these Amish people...
who have taken him
into their hearts.
That's all.
We've just been told
Micah Mattias is inside
the house right now,
and we've been assured that
despite his reluctance...
Eek off the cameras.
Flee ya in a half a schtickle.
What'd he say?
**
Charming.
Do you mind?
And I will say a silent prayer
that no tourists pass by.
Hey, Chloe.
What
Hi, Chloe.
Micah?
Oh, Micah.
They put me in a train.
A famous baseball player?
How did he come
to be at our door?
Everything else
he said was true.
He just needed
to get away from all that.
Is Bobby gone?
I'm afraid so.
They really didn't
waste any time...
once word got out
that Micah Mattias
was in our little town.
Rachel, I didn't mean to...
Mm-hmm. All those
magazines you read.
I'm really surprised
it took you that long.
What'd you do,
put a word out
to the reporters?
I'd never do that.
Well, how'd
they find out?
Facebook.
But I told everyone
it was a secret...
that no one else could know.
How many friends
do you have on Facebook?
do those friends have?
I'm so sorry, Rachel.
Forget it.
It doesn't matter
anymore.
He's gone.
Facebook?
Something about a baseball game
in Sugarcreek, Ohio.
Friend of mine saw it,
called me, and here I am
to the rescue.
So it wasn't her.
Wasn't who?
What are you talking about?
Rachel. She's, um...
She's a friend.
Micah, what's been
going on with you?
Where's Bobby, and why
are you dressed like that?
Bobby's with Eli,
who's another friend.
And dressing like this
was the only way to get
past the reporters.
Well, don't worry.
We'll get you all cleaned up.
Luckily I brought you
some real clothes.
And I'll handle the press...
and you...
like I always do.
I don't care about that.
I just want to get back
to the house.
Oh, of course.
But first there's something
that I need to tell you.
It's about Dylan.
What about him?
Would Grace have let your
brother into the house that
night if you weren't there?
This is Rachel.
If there's one thing
in the world
I'm absolutely sure of,
you don't have
a Facebook account.
You're right.
It was Kim.
I never should have doubted you.
How'd you figure it out?
Hi. I'm Chloe.
Hi.
Rachel Troyler, Chloe Styles,
my business manager.
Thank you for taking
such good care
of Micah and Bobby.
Yeah, well, you know,
they've started to fit
right in around here.
Hmm, I can see that.
We'll have to get him back
on the first plane to L.A....
so we can get him
all cleaned up again.
Right.
How are your aunts
holding up?
Well, I think Aunt Lydia
is winning them all over
with her cookies.
Right.
How do they do it?
I mean, these people
come in, uninvited, make
a total nuisance of themselves,
and your aunts welcome them
with open arms.
They're used to it, you know.
People have made fun of their
clothes forever,
taken pictures without asking.
They decided a long time ago
it was easier to be
who they are...
than pretend to be
something they're not.
Well, don't you worry,
Micah. I will take care
of this. If this is my...
No. Rachel's right.
- No more hiding.
- Whoa.
All right, listen up.
I know you got
a lot of questions.
I'm gonna try to answer
them the best I can.
But maybe we should just
get a little comfortable.
It's gonna take a while.
Hey, Lydia, I don't suppose
you could spare a slice
of that apple pie?
Joe.
I will be right back.
After that, we drove
through the Midwest
for a while.
Beautiful country.
Oh, we went to...
We found a barbecue place
in Oklahoma City.
I don't know what they do
to that barbecue sauce,
- but it is... mmm, mmm, good.
- Oh, okay.
And Missouri...
You ever been to a small town
in Missouri called Macks Creek?
Macks Count...
I'm out of here.
What a waste
of time.
If he keeps this up
much longer, they're all
gonna lose interest.
You're right.
But they do have
good bird-watching.
I'm not much
of a bird-watcher,
but there was this one moment
where I thought I saw
a purple martin.
I drove 10 hours for this.
They say that
one purple martin...
eats about 12 mosquitoes
a night.
There's a huge clock
with a Swiss boy.
There's a band, and
the instruments in the band...
are a trumpet...
All right. Thank you.
A fiddle. Wait a minute.
A cello, a bass cello...
All right, Chris.
Take care of yourself, man.
That was a whole
bunch of nothing.
Good luck in Toronto.
What do you think?
Uh, I think
if there was a place
in the Hall of Fame...
for the dullest player ever,
you'd be a lock.
Thank you.
My work here is done.
Bobby called. Eli's sow
is about to deliver,
so he wants to spend
the night tonight.
Oh, yeah.
Be the first night he's been
away from me in a long time.
Well, it took some doing,
but I got you a room
at the motel.
Oh, I'm fine here.
Whatever you say.
Rachel, would it be okay
if I followed you into town?
It's starting to get dark.
I'm afraid I'll get lost.
Sure.
I will see you tomorrow.
Okay.
Hey, whatever questions
you've got, it can wait
till tomorrow, all right?
Hello, Micah.
Dylan.
You're a hard man
to find these days.
I was thinking
maybe we should talk.
Were you there?
Can we just go inside?
I can explain.
Just answer the question.
Were you in L.A. that night
Grace got murdered?
I was there...
but only 'cause
I had a business deal...
I wanted to talk to you about.
What did you do It wasn't me.
I swear to God, Micah.
I would never hurt Grace.
Then why didn't you go
to the police, huh?
And say what?
That your pathetic brother
was there that night,
but he didn't do it?
Why would they believe me?
You don't even believe me.
My son was locked
in his room all night,
crying for his mother.
The house was dark.
I rang the bell.
I didn't hear anything.
I thought you had all gone out.
I didn't even find out
about the murder...
till I saw it on the news
the next day.
Grace was always kind
to me, Micah,
even though I know
she didn't like me.
She was a good person.
She didn't deserve that.
Just go.
Just get out of here.
I know you don't think
much of me,
and I don't blame you for it.
But I would never
hurt your family.
You need to believe me.
That's all I wanted to say.
Don't worry.
I won't be coming around
asking for money anymore.
Hello.
You're next.
Stay away from him.
Who is this?
Hello?
Hey, look who I found.
It's gone.
Guess what, Dad?
What?
Eli's sow
has neun babies.
That's how you say nine
in German.
Oh, ho. No kidding?
Thanks for bringing him home.
Can I talk to you for a second?
You didn't recognize the voice?
Mm-mm. They were using
some sort of a filter.
"You're next."
They were talking
about Grace.
Which means that was
her killer on the phone.
My brother came
to see me last night.
What
To tell me that
he was in Los Angeles...
the night that Grace was killed.
L.A.P.D. know that?
But he swore
he didn't do it.
That's a strange
coincidence though.
He shows up the same night
I get a threatening phone call?
Why would Dylan threaten you?
I don't know.
I gotta get to the station.
Call me if you hear from him?
Rachel?
- Be careful.
Keep an eye on things
around here for me.
Didn't you get my message?
I said I'd take you
out to lunch.
I don't really check
messages anymore.
But if you're hungry,
Lydia makes enough food
to feed an army.
Micah,
I can't begin to know
what you've been through
these past few months.
Maybe in some way
this whole road trip thing
was a good idea,
but I think it's time
for you to come home now.
I've been thinking
about that too.
Oh, I'm so glad to hear that...
because I care
about you both so much,
and it's really for the best.
I've been thinking about it,
and we're not ready
to come home yet.
Spring training starts soon.
Spring training.
Wow, baseball's the farthest
thing from my mind right now.
You can't really be willing
to throw your whole career
away for thi...
Joe! I got you
some more water.
- Thank you.
We're talking here.
Do you understand?
Ah. Why is she
talking like that?
Thank you, Anna.
Don't talk to her
like that again.
Well, I'm sorry, Micah,
but I have to think
about your career.
I got work to do.
Micah?
Okay. Yeah, I will.
All right. Thanks.
L.A.P.D. found no prints or
any other forensic evidence...
connecting Dylan Mattias
to the scene.
Which doesn't make him innocent.
Okay. Thank you.
The phone company
says that the call
to your house...
came from one of those
disposable cell phones.
We can't trace that.
What they do know
is that it was purchased
in L.A. County.
All right. All right.
Let's get a description of
this guy out to our people.
Send it to the
sheriff's department as well.
I want to get them involved.
I want them to know
what's going on, okay?
Okay.
All right.
Thank you.
What's that?
You stay here, buddy.
Fire!
Anna! Anna's upstairs, Joe.
Help her. Anna!
- All the smoke!
- Anna, come out!
- I can't get out!
- Be careful, Joe.
Joe is coming! Anna?
Anna! Anna! Anna!
Open the door!
There's no handle
on this side!
- Oh!
- Just open the doorknob.
Twist it open.
- Anna!
Get away. Get away
from the door for a second.
- Anna!
Come on. Come on, come on.
Come on. I got you. I got you.
- Oh.
- Bobby's down there
waiting for you, okay?
Joe! Joe! Joe, Bertha.
Bedroom's downstairs.
- Oh!
Aunt Bertha,
is everybody all right?
Is everybody out?
I don't know.
Joe?
Bertha!
Joe? She's out.
She's right there.
Hi. Huh?
Anna. Anna.
Oh, I'm so glad.
Oh, sister.
You'll be safe.
It burned down.
Are you okay?
Bertha. Oh, Rachel.
Come on. Come on, guys.
It's okay. You're okay.
You saved me.
The house burn down.
Rachel.
House burning.
It's all right.
Irv, go to overhaul.
Miller, check for extension.
They found a gas can
in the yard.
The state fire marshal's
on his way. He's gonna
have to make it official.
Are you saying this is arson?
You wouldn't know anybody
who might want to do
these ladies harm, do you?
Well, at least
we will no longer need
to paint the house.
I'm so sorry.
God will provide.
I'm going to take them
to Eli's... till we
figure out what to do.
Okay, I have to stay here
and answer some questions.
I'll see you soon.
Joe came for us.
I'm so sorry I wasn't
there for you.
We need to stop
and get something before
we go to Uncle Eli's.
I just love small towns.
Nobody locks their door.
Not even the police.
- I have been dying to ask you
something since I got here,
and with everyone busy
with the fire, it seemed
like the perfect time.
How did you know about the fire?
Are you and Micah...
How should I put this?
An item?
What?
I know him so well,
and I can tell
he really likes you.
And I've seen those little
looks between you.
Something tells me you're
attracted to him too, right?
All right, I think you
better leave before...
Before what?
You don't really think
you can get that gun out
before I shoot you.
Do you, Rachel?
And I will shoot you.
You killed Grace.
She didn't deserve him...
and neither do you.
Hey, Joe. Joe, somebody
wants to talk to you.
Sheriff's deputies
found him in a motel
in the next town.
Just so you know,
he was there all night, so he
couldn't have set the fire.
You really thought I was
capable of something like this?
What was I supposed
to believe? You show up.
Next thing I know, Rachel
gets a threatening phone call,
the inn burns down.
Chloe was right.
I can't trust you.
Chloe?
Yeah. How did you think
I knew that you were in L.A.
the night Grace was killed?
Micah, the only thing
I talk to Chloe about
was money.
I never said anything to her
about being at your house
that night.
Well, then how'd she know?
Come on. Come on!
Guys, let's go.
You left Bobby all alone
in that room.
He was never alone.
I waited in the dark
until Micah came home.
That's how you knew
Dylan was there?
You were there waiting.
How do you think it felt
for me, listening to Bobby
cry like that?
But he had to stay in his room.
I couldn't let him
see his mother.
You think that you can
just... replace her?
Once Micah and I are married,
I'll be a better mother
than she ever was.
Why'd you burn down the inn?
He was getting too attached
to this place.
He has to come home with me.
Rachel, Bertha wants to know
what's taking so long.
Rachel.
You no going nowhere.
Sit, Anna, sit.
Do you understand?
Rachel?
All right, ladies.
We got it. We got it.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. Fine.
It was Chloe.
She killed Grace.
I know.
Anna, we're good.
Okay.
All right, calm down, miss.
Calm down. You're under arrest.
Roll over on your stomach.
Put your hands behind your back.
Let go of me.
Calm down.
Help me get her up here.
Careful, miss. That's it.
I only wanted to be with you.
Everything was for you.
Let's go.
Are you sure you're okay?
Yeah, I'm fine now.
Anna, Lydia.
"For thereby some have
entertained angels unawares."
It's over now.
It's just the beginning.
Closed-Captioned by
Captions, Inc., Burbank